built into a cliff face this one of whom
has been named Villa troglodyte meaning
living in a cave
and a stake in its mana gas property
developer almost two years to complete
Yamato's servility space indicia Americo
mr. Pappas education
spread across five floors the villa has
500 square meters of living space with
solar panels on the roof and an indoor
swimming pool carved into the bedrock it
may be the most luxurious and expensive
cave on earth very inspiring but
interested buyers will need deep pockets
as this house is on the market for
around 23 million pounds state agent
Andrea a seen increasing demand for
properties like this despite the villas
extraordinary price tag prices are
growing up here by year about 10 percent
Monaco is a special place especially
Monaco there are potential clients
potential customers and 1% sure yeah
yeah sooner or later this Villa will be
sold but it doesn't look like it will be
snapped up today this house may be high
spec but there is one thing is lacking I
love everything but this interview it
will be perfectly had like perfect TV us
that's the only thing missing the
register
the view you can never guarantee it so
you can buy an apartment today in Monaco
and have the most beautiful view and
tomorrow there can be a new project and
they can build a building in front of
you and then you are losing the view so
actually what they say if you have to
invest it's better to invest directly in
an apartment without the view